crowdstrike: add CSPM event parsing to FDR data stream (#15783)
elastic/integrations: packages/crowdstrike/_dev/build/docs/README.md

- `vulnerability` dataset: It retrieves all the vulnerabilities in your environment, providing information such as severity, status, confidence levels, remediation guidance, and affected hosts, as detected by the CrowdStrike Falcon platform, via the Falcon Spotlight Vulnerability API - `/spotlight/combined/vulnerabilities/v1`.

3. **Falcon Data Replicator**: This collects events in near real-time from your endpoints, cloud workloads, identities, and data. CrowdStrike Falcon Data Replicator (FDR) enables you with actionable insights to improve SOC performance. FDR contains near real-time data collected by the Falcon platform's single, lightweight agent. It includes the following datasets for receiving logs:

> - `fdr` dataset: consists of logs forwarded using the [Falcon Data Replicator](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/FDR). In addition to the existing log types, the integration now includes support for parsing Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) Indicators of Misconfiguration (IOM) and Indicators of Attack (IOA) events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fdr` dataset: consists of logs forwarded using the [Falcon Data Replicator](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/FDR). In addition to the existing log types, the integration supports parsing of Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM), Indicators of Misconfiguration (IOM) and Indicators of Attack (IOA) events.
```
